Subtitles by OnDemandKorea
(Quiet yet vicious winter wind)
(The quiet before the storm here)
Jang-hoon!
(Hug)
(Grabbing him by the neck)
(Hugs him and starts to bawl)
(See any difference from the
opening from Episode 105?)
This is no time for us
to laugh and chatter!
(What is it this time?)
(A choke move)
(Jang-hoon gets hit with the same pattern)
I'm amazed he can take down Jang-hoon!
It feels like
I just met a bear on a mountain.
It's no time for us to chatter!
- I couldn't move at all.
- Jang-hoon's in trouble!
Sang-min, come on in.
What's that?
Something huge has happened to Jang-hoon.
Mr. Seo Jang-hoon, please read
accurately what I'm pointing.
It's a serious matter.
What is that?
(Eyesight test chart)
Top.
"Sa-wi?" [Sounds like "son-in-law"]
Four...
Upward.
(Going well so far)
See? He can't see that far!
Look, everyone!
He got 1.5 out of 2.0 just last year.
But his eyesight's gotten worse due
to old age, and he's in high school!
You know how we went out to eat last time?
He couldn't read the
numbers on the receipt!
(Now he remembers)
It was so shocking.
We went to go eat chicken last time.
He went to go pay for it, but
he kept staring at the receipt.
I said, "What's wrong?"
He said, "Isn't $1,350 too
much for eating chicken?"
I said, "What? That's ridiculous!"
And I looked, and there was a receipt
for 350 dollars, and another for 100.
And he read them together as 1,350!
It's because you can't
read so well anymore!
How did you come up with that math?
No, the receipt said 135 dollars.
I was drunk, and thought
it said 1,350 dollars.
I was just drunk.
He didn't look good at all.
(You can see him bragging about it)
When should I go sit down?
(Missed his timing to sit)
He kept twiddling his thumbs here.
(Feeling awkward)
It's important to note that he bought us
dinner for being the class president.
(Thanks, Jang-hoon!)
What if Kyung-hoon became the president?
Nothing at all, I'm sure!
But honestly,
I don't have any problem with
my eyesight for normal things.
- But sometimes I can't see clearly.
- You know why?
It's because you're always frowning
when you look at something.
That's bad for your eyesight.
(The giant is always frowning)
What should he do to see better?
I met a guy in Mongolia with 9.0 eyesight!
I asked, "What's over there?"
He was like, "3 horses and 2 zebras."
(You're totally lying!)
I went to Mongolia, and
that's what he said!
He had a 9.0 eyesight!
How is 9.0 possible?
He might see through people's intestines!
And he could!
But Yeong-cheol
should focus on his own future.
9.0!
There are no tall buildings in Mongolia.
(Boa and Lee Sang-yeob!)
Oh, Director!
(Director Kwon, please
take good care of me!)
(She's a member of the board of
director at his management company)
Director Kwon's here!
Aren't you being too humble?
You better do it right!
We should stick to our own style!
You think so?
Please, tell us where you're from.
He's been waiting to say that.
(He's in the same management label as well)
Hello, I'm from "the Eternal
Star of Asia" high school,
I'm BoA.
(A great welcome!)
Hey, it's Park Hyun-bin!
(He looks like the popular trot singer)
Park Hyun-bin!
The management told me not to do this!
The management was worried about me.
Hello! I'm...
(What a funny guy!)
Next to me were...
Suzy, Kim Tae-hee, Kim Hye-soo,
And BoA!
That's the school I was from.
And I'm Lee Sang-yeob, man!
You sound just too excited right now.
(Darn it)
(You need to calm down!)
I love this show, actually.
I've been really wanting
to come on this show.
I heard BoA was coming, so I came along.
They were in the same drama together.
You were a couple in "My Wife
is Cheating on Me This Week"!
It was my debut on TV drama, too!
I was a method actor.
Cue the clip!
What's going on today?
Aren't you too heated up,
just because she's your boss?
It's a bit of a pressure.
Ho-dong, Sang-min told me to tell you this.
He said you should cut out a show.
(Sang-min couldn't stand it)
(Shocked by his remark)
It does feel like it's a
bit too much these days.
He should cut out 2!
Yeah, he's doing too many these days.
It's amazing, because she doesn't make
friends with anyone she works with.
She's shy around strangers.
How'd you guys get close?
- We drank.
- That's how we became friends.
I feel like BoA just thinks
of Sang-yeub as a friend.
But Sang-yeub's got other ideas.
Yeah, they got something going on.
I can see it on his face!
When did you start to
have feelings for her?
You can tell us.
Oh no, she's Director Kwon!
It's odd that you don't
have feelings for her.
She drew a clear line
ever since the beginning.
She made sure we were
friends, maybe best friends.
I couldn't imagine
anything more than that.
Lines are meant for you to cross.
It's worth dying for, to cross them over!
(Every couple starts off as friends!)
I can see read people's faces.
Sang-yeun looks like he was
a funny kid growing up.
You really can read faces?
Want me to tell you your future?
I was a loud kid, running
around everywhere.
But when I was in 6th grade,
Seo Taiji and Boys's "Come
Back Home" was a popular song.
I'd go up and do that dance
in front of everyone.
I'd do this!
That's how they danced?
Who'd come home like this?
That was their dance!
It looks like the traditional mask-dance.
I also wrote a paper on g.o.d
when I was in high school.
I played Kim Tae-woo.
(How'd you do their dance?)
(Famous for their sharp angles)
(Like driving a tour bus)
Can't you see that I'm working so hard?
You're working hard, but
Yeong-cheol does, too.
I'm sorry, I wasn't so good.
I didn't have a good look on you.
I heard you can do others' voices.
I've been wanting to meet Hee-chul for
the longest time, from seeing this show.
- You too?
- Kim Yeong-cheol the actor...
Hee-chul's so good at doing his voice.
Have a conversation as
Gung Ye, both of you.
Find the real Gung Ye!
BoA's an expert audition judge.
Act like Kim Yeong-cheol in front
of me, the other Kim Yeong-cheol.
Super star Kim Yeong-cheol!
You got misfortune all over your face!
Who made that coughing sound?
(He's the real Gung Ye!)
(Hee-chul's Gung Ye beats everyone)
He's so good!
Anything else? Can you
do someone else's voice?
I can do Jung Woo-sung.
That's pretty hard.
I came on "Ask Us Anything" today.
(He sounds just like him!)
(Confidence level rising)
He's really good at this!
Don't Kim Yeong-cheol's voice
ever again like earlier.
But this one's much better.
Then from Jung Woo-sung...
I can try Jang Hyuk.
Hell, I'm Jang Hyuk.
"Un-nyun!" [a drama character]
That's good!
(Looking much brighter)
That was good!
(Looking forward to the next one)
I was a huge fan of Sang-min.
His group, "Bros"!
I loved their song, "Win, win."
I loved his "shouting" rap.
(Battle over "crying" rap)
(Sang-min is touched)
(Dizzy)
Sang-min, come on up here.
You gotta do it with them!
OK, this is "Hidden Sang-min!"
(You try to guess, too!)
Guess who the real Sang-min is!
(They sound the same!)
(The real Lee Sang-min was #3!)
I think you would've been voted out
first if you really went on the show.
The original's worse!
(The impersonators were better)
My management was really worried
that I'd do something like this.
You sounded like Kim Rae-won just now.
(Trying him out on the spot)
Did you... Have to...
He does this thing with his nostrils too.
Do that to me?
(That was good too!)
(Finishing off with
Sang-min's "crying" rap)
Do the slave hunter!
"Un-nyun!"
Then Jung Woo-sung!
Did you eat?
(He's the best!)
Why did he choose to do Gung Ye
earlier, when he can do others better?
Misfortunes all over my portion!
(He's still going for it)
Don't do that one.
BoA, you don't have anything to show?
You have many talents, too!
I really have nothing to show.
You can't do the head-voice thing?
You can't do the "ssam-ja" voice?
(Ho-dong's response is too much,
his intention is skeptical)
She must be so taken aback!
She's not my boss.
(Kyung-hoon's clear-cut between
business and friendship)
Give us your applications.
You filled it out, right?
I did!
Bring it here!
Wait, hold on.
Sang-yeub prepared a lot
to make us laugh today.
I'm sure he'll make us laugh
from just the way he walks over.
He's putting you on the spot!
Whatever he planned is gonna
be a complete failure.
You'll see how your
hard-labor becomes nothing.
(It's too much pressure!)
He's just 7 steps away.
He's gonna do something unprecedented!
Soo-geun!
(He made it happen on the spot)
(Great effort!)
(Finishing up with "crying" rap, of course)
(Perfect for Ho-dong's taste of humor)
(He might be invited to an
island for Ho-dong's other show)
It's all over his face that he'll be
fishing with Ho-dong on an island.
Or ringing the doorbell
at a stranger's house!
Going over their application.
Name: Kwon BoA.
It's her real name.
Not only that, it's got Chinese
characters for the meaning.
People think it's a pure Hangul name.
What does it mean?
"A jade pearl" and "clarity."
That's a great name!
That's why you always enjoy
that clear bottle of soju!
I only drink "the true dew" kind.
Sang-yeub's nickname is
"Horse muscles."
Horse muscles?
I was running one day in
high school wearing shorts.
And my friends saw my
muscle line on my legs.
They looked like a horse's leg muscles.
Drop your pants then.
- Me?
- You gotta show us!
He might do it for real!
Soo-geun was joking, but Sang-yeun was...
"Should I really drop my pants?"
Is this how it works here?
If we were serious about it
convinced him, he might just do it.
He might just do it!
Sang-yeub's dream partner is...
This is odd.
- Is it Kim Yeong-cheol?
- Jang Sung-kyu.
What's the reason?
"I can't help but to look
up to his sense of humor."
He's not even here!
He wants to get big.
It's not about that.
I'm being completely honest, I've
never seen a character like him.
He's so unique!
I think he's so funny, you
texted me just last night!
You asked me to take care of you.
You know each other?
How?
We met a few times at fashion shows.
(Jeers pour in)
What's wrong with going to fashion shows?
Should I just stay home all day?
But I get updated on fashion
trends from his Instagram.
(Yeong-cheol is actually
very fashion-forward)
You like me better? Or Jang Sung-kyu?
(Baffled by this difficult question)
Why's that of any importance?
You gotta look at the big
picture, the overall flow.
That's your job!
I'm gonna focus on myself.
I'm all about me, and
that's enough already.
I don't need to see the big picture!
What is it that I should
look for in the picture?
He's got a new direction this year.
Be quiet!
BoA's dream partner is...
Who do you think she chose?
Soo-geun.
It's gotta be Soo-geun.
Either Soo-geun or me, I'm sure.
Lee Soo-geun, unanimously.
Do you know the meaning of
the word, "unanimously"?
Yes, among all the emotions in BoA's heart,
all those emotions
unanimously voted for me.
(Puzzled)
All of her emotions took a vote, and
voted for me unanimously.
Congratulations.
(Chosen by BoA)
She finds me the most comfortable.
Why's that?
She didn't choose you, Ho-dong, because
she's not comfortable with you.
We should do a section where
you guys can become close.
BoA, try this.
Show her how it's done.
Say,
"Let's become close friend!"
(You're so kind, Ho-dong!)
Really?
(Ho-dong's face is about to burst)
(Walking over like a baby)
(What should I do?)
(His face is so big!)
He actually kinda likes this.
I don't!
Ho-dong!
Let's be close friends!
(How cute!)
(Embarrassed)
(He's totally blushing at her touch)
He's so red now.
How can I not turn red?
He's like a stone monument of this show.
Yeah, you touch it for good fortune.
I hope I do!
(Hope everyone becomes
close friends from now on)
Sang-yeub, you get really nervous
when you start to get less attention?
(Can't hide his nervousness through acting)
He looks around like this in that short
moment of not getting attention.
(I liked it when I was
doing the voices earlier)
Hello, Mr. Jung Woo-sung! How are you?
Did you eat?
(Totally satisfied)
He says that every time!
"Hey, we should break up."
"Did you eat?"
He might ask that while you're eating.
(He's like a robot with the same question)
Jung Woo-sung, come and eat with us.
This is really good!
Did you eat?
(Always concerned if others ate)
I'm pretty sure you have to do that
like 30 times before you go home today.
(To Ho-dong's satisfaction)
(He's like a jukebox)
Sang-yeub's strength is,
well, it's one of the reasons
he chose Jang Sung-kyu,
that he's got better
pronunciation than news anchors.
He can read things fast accurately,
we used to do that here.
(Read things fast but with
accurate pronunciation)
I had to practice how to project my voice.
And I tried reading the script fast.
OK, Sang-yeub.
We're good at this too, but
we have a broadcasting class member.
You should beat him first
then go against us.
(The real pros come last)
You gotta beat someone else first.
Broadcasting class members! Where are you?
Broadcasting class!
It's really Jang Sung-kyu!
It's his first time here a a student!
No one was this happy to
see Jang Sung-kyu before.
Look how happy he is!
I feel like I'm meeting a celebrity!
(Sung-kyu didn't expect it either)
Sang-yeub!
Thanks, man.
I've been wanting to see you, man!
You two are close?
We've never met before.
Sung-kyu, but as of recent...
Have you been trying to
gain weight on purpose?
He got a lot bigger.
You're wearing a muscle costume inside?
Take it off!
You have your old picture
up in your profile.
I weigh 100.3 kg now.
(Shocked)
Is there another news anchor in
Korea who weighs more than 100 kg?
I heard I'm the first one ever!
A heavy weight news anchor!
(Champion among news anchors)
You look scary after you gained weight.
He's always standing like this now.
I'll introduce myself.
I have the best pronunciation
in this school.
I'm Jang Diction.
- Nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you, man!
We prepared something, come up here.
How about BoA gives it a try first?
Let's have BoA go first, but she's
not part of the main match.
You gotta read accurately
under a time line.
What is it?
(Eyes wide open)
It's hard to read the letters, even.
(Speechless)
It's a very difficult
content they prepared.
(Already in practice mode)
(BoA is the first challenger)
Start!
(Pretty good!)
(How's she so good?)
(She seems so experienced)
Where did you find this? This is so hard!
(Reading well through
difficult words to enunciate)
(Almost to the finish line!)
(Fails at the end!)
But she did so well!
You're incredibly good!
(She couldn't quite finish,
but she was excellent)
There were so many words
I've never heard before.
Next! Sang-yeub first? Or...
No, no.
Sung-kyu first!
(What's he doing all of a sudden?)
What are you doing here?
I want to give it a try.
- Try what?
- I've been practicing.
How much time do I get?
You'll still be first place if you take
your time and finish in 60 minutes.
Ready, start!
(So embarrassed)
(Ho-dong fails from the get-go)
He said 6,000 years instead of 600!
I didn't do that on purpose.
That's a very long time.
(Mouth wide open)
(Jang Diction is up next!)
I'll go last, I'm relaxed.
I am a professional news anchor.
I'll show you what accurate
pronunciation means.
He gained weight on his mouth too.
Prove it to us that you
can't do news anymore.
(Actor vs. Anchor)
Start!
(Watching like a hawk)
(He may be funny, but
he's a real news anchor)
(I got it wrong?)
It's "Danube," not "Dinube"!
- Isn't that what I said?
- You said "Dinube."
(He's practically begging)
It's like saying, "This is JTBC
News Bang," instead of "News Room."
Bye bye, news.
Huge difference between
Danube and "Dinube."
- Sang-yeub's next!
- You better last longer than me.
(No one actually succeeded yet)
Ready... Start!
(Nervous)
(He already beat Sung-kyu)
(Darn it)
(Sang-yeub failed in completing it too)
Not it!
Then BoA's the champion, out of nowhere.
(BoA wins for going the farthest)
She does watch our show!
This isn't for us, BoA.
Let me show you.
(We have a separate camera for us)
I'll show you.
(Walks...)
(Right on by)
(This is our camera!)
(The Jimmy Jib is only for the giant)
Cue!
(Hello, ENG camera!)
Good job, BoA!
(She's good at doing ceremonies too!)
So, broadcasting class!
You can go on now, make
announcements later.
Oh, it's time for me to leave already?
Great work!
- Bye!
- Leave, man!
Sung-kyu!
The camera captures you again
if you leave this way.
(Thanks, Soo-geun!)
Sung-kyu! The stairs!
(Jang Diction loses out on news,
but wins in making people laugh)
I love that guy!
He's a real news anchor?
Who did you think it was?
He's a main anchorman of JTBC.
(Never heard of him)
(Time to see BoA's strength)
This is what we've been waiting for.
Now it's time to see BoA's talent.
As you know very well,
her talent is the ability to repeat others'
dance routines like a copy machine.
She can memorize any dance
routine right away.
Like a copy machine!
We prepared some random dance videos.
She'll watch the videos for
short moments, then repeat.
Without anyone teaching her?
She'll just watch?
I'm sure BoA can do it!
Here's the first video.
(Twice's "Likey," targeting
every man on earth)
(Copying already)
(He's trying, too)
That's it?
- One more time?
- Yes.
OK, just once more.
- You know this song?
- Yeah.
(Hee-chul's an expert at girl-group dances)
(BoA is very serious about this)
(Even copying their facial expressions)
I memorized it already.
(A genius when it comes
to girl-group dances)
Let's try it without the video now.
I can't watch along?
(BoA's version of "Likey")
(Looking cute)
(More powerful dance
lines than the original)
(Perfectly copied without any mistakes!)
(Crowd goes wild)
She's got her own feel to it!
(The dancing machine!)
We gotta point this out, it's
your first time seeing it?
I did see this on TV a few times.
But you never studied their
dance routine in detail, right?
First time doing this?
Yeah, I just pay attention to the formula.
I count what repeats how many times.
Just like how math geniuses
memorize math equations!
She's got that ability.
This is doable, it's got
a lot of hand motions.
I can't do it if the routine's
got a lot of steps.
Let's go on to the next video.
You won't get this, no way.
No way she can do this!
(The dance genius Sam-ja's
"monthly rent" dance)
(Very difficult and abstract)
He's good! A good dancer!
You were totally in love
with my dance moves!
(Flipping his eyes is the
highlight of this dance)
I don't even remember that dance.
I don't even remember it.
This is...
A dance?
(What did you say?)
(Looking natural)
(Embarrassed at Ho-dong's compliment)
(BoA's upgraded version of
"the monthly rent dance")
(Now comes the highlight!)
(I'll just go for it)
(A perfect copy of even
the most difficult move!)
This must hurt her ego, it's like calling
Bill Gates over and asking him if
he knows how to use a computer.
(BoA gladly donated her
talent for this school)
I wanna see "It's Me" by BoA.
I did see that dance many times.
It doesn't have to be
exactly the same, right?
There's no prize even if
it were exactly the same.
Music, please.
I won't do the turn because
I'm wearing a skirt.
(Powerful!)
(She would've been voted
on the show for sure!)
(I'm the dance copier!)
Welcome, Sang-yeub and BoA!
(Guess things about me quiz)
Kang Ho-dong, Lee Soo-geun, Kim Hee-chul,
you act like you know me so well.
Are you reading a script?
Yes, I am.
Your portion's got misfortune all over it!
(Gung Ye pops out randomly)
(This is how he secures
his portion on the show!)
(Who laughs at this joke?)
He's funny!
(I'd like to take him under my wings!)
You're better at doing other voices!
I'll meet him at the entertainment
awards show at the end of the year.
He'll be with Ho-dong everywhere.
I'm sure he will.
There's something I do
before every show or shoot.
(You can't do this)
This is why Director Kwon didn't
want to come on the show.
She knew I'd get it right!
(That's not it!)
Just like Ha Jung-woo in
"Nameless Gangster..."
She gargles with soju.
Then she goes on.
This is something I do before
every scheduled event.
Before I stand in front
of people or cameras.
I can share what I saw when I'd visit
you in the waiting room, right?
You gather the dancers.
You have them line up and discipline them.
Come on!
That's what you do!
Me?
You check if the money's
been deposited first.
(Wrong answer but...)
It is important.
You practice introducing yourself?
"Hello, I'm the star of Asia, BoA!"
What is that?
When did I ever do that?
I'm sure he's not done yet, so then?
(Pressured)
You got misfortunes on your portion!
Stop it already!
(Making sure he secures his part)
Stop it!
(Then how about...)
Mr. Jung Woo-sung?
Did you eat?
(He's always curious about if others ate)
(It's actually BoA's turn now)
Sorry!
I'm just feeling so up!
Sang-yeub's close to BoA too.
What does she do before the shoot starts?
I just remember her looking at the mirror.
Looking at the mirror?
You check if something's on your face.
You do this to your eyelashes.
You check if anything's
stuck on your teeth!
But why do I do that?
You always check if
lipstick got on your teeth!
Then you go on stage.
That's correct!
(A spinning lipstick ceremony)
People do check for that.
I'm a little obsessed about that.
It's because my teeth
show a lot when I laugh.
Sometimes my gums even show.
So I keep checking to make sure.
But if I don't get to check...
Then I keep covering my mouth.
Because you're worried?
It gets on your teeth a lot though?
Yeah, my lip curls up when I smile.
It's because my top lip
curls up when I smile.
(Trying it out for himself)
"Hello! I'm BoA."
So you always carry around tissues?
I have another reason for that.
- To poop!
- That's right!
That was a great moment.
I have one odd part on my body.
You must sweat a lot.
Wow, he's like a psychic!
On your bellybutton?
She sweats on her bellybutton?
Forming drops of sweat.
(A smashing hit)
This is an actual question?
It wasn't, but I guess
it turned out to be one.
This must be why she
carries around tissues.
Your armpits...
I'd just put on a deodorant!
- You have to keep wiping them?
- No.
Your palms!
You're right!
I have sweaty palms.
I can't even hold the mic with
just one hand the whole time.
It gets slippery.
So I switch hands and wipe.
She uses a boom mic during summer.
She can't hold the mic!
You can't wear a glove?
You've never shaken her hand, have you?
You'd be shocked!
- You haven't either.
- I did earlier.
That's because I washed
my hands right before.
Oh, is that right?
I was wondering how she can go
around with her hands that sweaty!
Her hand was totally wet!
I thought she had a serious condition.
(Her second question)
In the middle of a performance,
I was injured before.
I was in so much pain, and
they took an X-ray right away.
What do you think the doctor said
after seeing the X-ray photo?
I can never forget it.
Where were you hurt?
(Hesitant)
You gotta tell us where at least.
Oh, it's part of the answer?
Yeah, I can't tell you.
"You're so young, yet..."
"You got joints like an
80-year-old grandma!"
"You must've used them so much."
"It's a miracle that you can still dance."
Completely different.
Imagine a part of my body that
I use a lot when I dance.
(BoA's known for moving her hips!)
You took an X-ray of your
pelvis and the doctor went,
"You got a step counter
built in to your hips!"
(Found out for the first time in 30 years)
"Who are you, Doctor?"
"Oh, I'm Man-bok from Wink!" [pun]
He was in "Ink," not "Wink."
I laughed out loud when I heard him.
I was in so much pain,
I was on a wheelchair.
I took an X-ray that way, but...
Can I say it? The reason why you laughed?
Doctor said, "BoA..."
"You'd have a very easy time
giving birth to children later."
See? You laughed!
Even snot came out.
- Must be right!
- Yeah, because they say...
Women with strong hips have
easier time giving birth.
No.
From an orthopedist, right?
It's gotta be pelvis.
This happened in Japan.
It was a Japanese doctor then?
Is pelvis correct?
Yes, that part is right.
With the X-ray photo...
The doctor asked for your autograph?
"I'm a fan!"
You're wrong.
It was a compliment I've
never heard before.
"Oh, BoA, your pelvis..."
"You have a very pretty pelvis."
(A pretty pelvis?)
"I've never seen a prettier pelvis before!"
That's what I said!
"A pelvis you'd see in text books!"
"Amazing pelvis!"
Make your choice.
Pretty.
Amazing.
I'd say "cute" like what Soo-geun said.
"BoA, your pelvis is very..."
"Pretty!'
(Jang-hoon and Kyung-hoon
both get it right)
(The dad will do a #1 ceremony)
(While you dance!)
(He's been seeing Jang-hoon do the
Tetris dance alone from the back)
I never expected him to do that!
I've been wanting to try it.
(Like father, like son)
The situation was that
I was performing with high heels on.
I had to change quickly behind a curtain.
And my heel caught on the drape,
and my pelvis got pulled back.
So I couldn't walk, could barely stand.
I got back on the stage, but I
couldn't dance at all after.
I just stood and sang.
So I went to the hospital on a wheelchair.
The doctor looked at my X-ray photo,
and said this to himself almost.
"Wow, you have a very pretty pelvis!"
That's what he said.
I laughed out loud at that remark.
I wasn't trying to be funny,
but one time during a TV show,
the floor was slippery
and I fell backwards.
- I suffered a concussion.
- Who did?
I did!
I was unconscious for a few seconds.
People were worried about me,
so I went to take an X-ray.
The doctor said this after
seeing the X-ray photo.
He's been a doctor for 20 years.
He said I had the biggest
skull he's ever seen.
It filled up the whole screen!
(Still baffled)
It didn't even fit on the screen!
I realized that it wasn't that I was
fat, but my skull itself is big!
It didn't fit the screen!
Corners were cut off.
My face didn't fit.
It was really amazing.
So amazing!
I heard that an industry expert in Japan
said that you'd take 10 years to get big?
Back then, not along of singers
sang live on stage in Korea.
I wasn't prepared to perform
on stage while singing live.
I did a showcase in Japan, but every
singer in Japan sang live on stage.
So for the first time ever, I
totally ruined a performance.
I developed stage fright since then.
I still have that a little.
BoA's scared to be on stage?
It's terrible.
It's like saying Kyung-hoon's got a
fear of singing with his head-voice.
Or Ho-dong having a
fear of dumpling soups.
I get it right away!
After that failure in Japan,
I realized that I had to become
good at it no matter what.
So I kept practicing.
I was really determined,
I'd sing on tread mills,
and every dance practice. I'd sing.
How popular were you in Japan?
When you were active?
One of the things I'm sad about is that
while I was really popular and while
things were going well for me,
I never actually had a
moment to realize it.
You might've been too young and busy.
Kids these days might not know, but
when BoA was really big,
her news weren't really on
the entertainment page.
Her successes were shown on the front line!
She had unprecedented level of success.
Because she was that big of a hit?
Yeah, she'd be on the news and
the newscaster would say,
"BoA's done it again!"
"Our BoA made us proud in Japan!"
We'd hear that often on the news.
It was very significant considering
that Japan has the second-biggest
music market in the world.
That was when Hikaru Utada was #1 in Japan.
No one was able to topple
her in Japan but BoA.
- Who?
- Itadakimasu? [Thanks for food]
(Hikaru Utada, not Itadakimasu!)
I'm sure she enjoyed her meal too.
This one's about what happened on stage.
One time, I was singing a slow
song and I broke out in tears.
I couldn't finish the song.
It was so touching though, the fans
finished the song for me by singing along.
What do you think my manager
said when I got off the stage?
A Japanese manager?
A Korean manager, but we were in Japan.
She came up to you while you
were still crying and said,
"BoA, I love you."
You should really date someone.
It's about time.
You've been wanting to say "I
love you" to someone for so long?
I think Jang-hoon's suffering
from lack of affection.
(This giant is short on affection)
I know this for sure, I
know her manager, Eun-ha.
She's not so warm and fuzzy.
"You cried because you forgot the lyrics?"
No!
She is my drinking buddy,
best friend, and a manager.
Act it out, come down stage as you cry.
Walk over there?
Stop!
(The end)
(That was all?)
(Yeah, that was all)
Who says it's still Kang Ho-dong's era?
I really looked forward
to your answer right now.
I was looking forward to it too!
It was my 10th anniversary concert.
The last song of the
concert was "Merr-Chri."
It was released in Japan over 13 years ago,
but it's still played
every Christmas season.
I still sing it in Japan at awards shows.
As soon as I started singing the
song, I thought of my past 10 years.
I saw those moments like a movie scene.
I was so sad.
And I couldn't sing the song, and
my fans sang the song for me there.
I've never heard Japanese
audience sing that loudly before.
"BoA, your fans are
better singers than you!"
That would've been better.
- It was harsher?
- Yeah.
The fans sang the song till the end.
I was so thankful and moved,
and came down the stage.
"Hey BoA, you got paid for
not doing any work at all!"
"A professional should
finish singing on stage."
"How could you cry and not finish?"
It wasn't that long, just a short phrase.
She said this to me while she
was also wiping away her tears.
"This is a broadcasting accident!"
Not it.
"BoA, let's record the song
again in this version!"
No.
"Let's publish it."
- DVD?
- Yeah, DVD.
That comes out after every concert,
we were filming that day too.
"BoA, you should've finished."
You're close!
"BoA, that felt great! Do an encore!"
It wasn't quite an encore.
Not an encore.
But Ho-dong was very close.
"Let's do another slow song!"
"BoA, do it again."
Sang-min's got it!
"Go on stage again!"
"BoA, let's sing that one again."
"We're filming for your DVD today,
we can't use this version."
"Go up and sing it properly,
and we'll use that take."
She would say that! That's her style.
(In disbelief)
What's funny is that she
was crying herself, too.
Her eyes were all red but said,
"We can't use this version,
go and sing again."
She was still thinking with reason!
So what happened after was that...
She had to keep her cool.
I said, "What?"
(She was trying not to explode in anger)
I'd say it's a more valuable take.
Listen to me, Jang-hoon!
Sorry.
I thought you were done after that noise.
I grabbed the mic and went up on
stage again while I was still mad.
I went up on stage and told the audience,
"My manager's making me
sing because of the DVD..."
You told on her?
You're scary too!
(The two won't lose to each other)
But they're still really good friends!
The best of friends.
So I finally sang the song
properly until the end.
I'm sure they were even
more moved to see that.
They did like it, they
got to hear it again.
It was a very happy moment.
Then a few months later, I was
given the DVD of that concert.
The finished product.
Finally, "Merry-Chri" was coming on.
And the girl in the DVD is crying!
They must've liked that moment!
And it showed the whole
song that I was crying on.
Then comes a bonus material!
My second take on the song was it!
("Merry-Chri" performance of
her 10th anniversary concert)
(She thought of her memories
from the past 10 years)
(She couldn't stop crying
because she was so emotional)
(The fans started to lift up
their voices to sing for her)
Thank you very much everyone!
(BoA exits the stage after this
happy moment shared with her fans)
(But the video continues on)
(A moment later...)
(She comes on stage again
at her fans' cheers)
(This DVD ended up with both versions!)
She had a big picture planned!
How smart of her!
Nothing was taken out!
She's really smart.
How should I say it...
I was really moved.
And I was very grateful.
That's what I was feeling.
I was thinking about how
happy I was at the moment.
And she totally destroyed with her words.
That's what made me sad.
I think it's because you
didn't cry hard enough.
If you were ripping up your clothes
and were bawling in the waiting room
no one could've made you do it again!
That's true.
It's hard for a human being to say that.
He's so good at breaking up emotions.
I'll make sure bawl even harder,
fiercely and passionately.
They're total best friends.
I can see why she's been so
popular all these years.
She did go up on stage in that situation.
Yeah, she did sing the song again.
Most wouldn't be able to.
The producer would of
course ask her to go again.
"Give it another try."
But a lot of times, if a
singer is famous enough,
would say, "Why would I,"
and not do it again.
The reason I'm best friends with her is
that she did tell me something so cold.
And I sang the song again
while being upset.
But after the song, she was like...
"My princess, you did such a great job!"
I couldn't get mad at her
when she was smiling so big!
She's sane though, right?
- So that's why...
- She's really amazing.
I feel like I was being trained.
How about we hook her up with Jang-hoon?
She's cold-hearted too!
How about with Jang-hoon?
- Is she married?
- She's not.
Should we hook them up?
Isn't she much older then?
No, she was born in 1976.
If she's like that...
I think, though Jang-hoon's retired now,
she might make him play basketball again.
(Wiping away his tears when he retired)
("Let's do it again!")
You should meet her up!
(She might bring him back on the court)
(BoA's questions are done here)
Sang-yeub, it's your last question now.
(In a hurry)
This time, give us the answer.
Then we'll guess the question.
(What a fresh idea!)
That's creative, right?
It'll make you a star!
It is a creative idea.
This was while I was shooting "Give
Love Away," a weekend TV series.
Park Geun-hyung was my father in the drama.
Because of him, I got to think
really seriously about acting.
But he did something specific
for me to think that.
What do you think he did?
He did something to change
Sang-yeub into a true actor?
Yes, it was a pivotal point for me.
You went to see him in the
waiting room during break time.
And you found him going over the
script even during break time.
That's not the answer, but
he really did do that.
He seems the type.
What kind of a scene was it?
My girlfriend had dumped me.
I got home drunk in the scene.
I opened the door and I'm
about to argue with him.
He did this when I was lost and
couldn't get a hold of my emotions.
It wasn't in the scripts, but he acted
like your real father and slapped you.
It's similar, but the
location is different.
Remember it's, Park Geun-hyung.
He put all his strength into and said, "Get
it right!" and punched you in the stomach.
- I got it.
- No, it's my turn. I'm sure of this.
- Let's pretend I'm Park
Geun-hyung. Start acting. - Okay.
Can't you get a hold of yourself?
Wait a second, you try and play the part.
Play your part again.
Get ready! Stand-by!
- Are you ready? - Yeah.
- Ready! Stand-by!
Where did you drink so much?
What's it to you, father?
(Park Geun-hyung gets mad and
start kicking 360 degrees)
(His passion for acting doesn't end)
(The love for Sang-yeob is over-whelming)
What do you mean, "What's it to me?".
It would've been funny if Park
Geun-hyung acted like that father.
- I'm dizzy.
- I bet you're dizzy.
He knew if he did something, it would
finally make my emotions comes through.
- A knock on the head!
- No.
Where did he hit you?
He told me to try harder. I think
Ho-dong might do this a lot.
- I got it! - I think Sang-yeob's answers
are simple. He hit you on your back.
- That's what I thought.
- You got it!
You see? I told you!
Was the question too hard?
- No, everyone knew the answer.
- Everyone knew already?
Did he hit you on the back, rub
your back or pat you on the back?
Park Geun-hyung and I were
talking about the scene and...
I was about to go back to my area
when he said, "You can do better".
It was so moving when he slapped me
on my back. I'm getting teary now.
I became very emotional.
I was only supposed to cry a little bit.
I was crying so much I
couldn't say my lines.
His gesture made me let go of
my emotions when I was acting.
I'm sure Park Geun-hyung hit
you because he was mad.
- He was frustrated with your acting.
- I won't disagree.
You kept messing up your lines.
- He wasn't going to let you get away
with it. - Did it help your acting?
- It totally helped.
- That's why I keep hitting you.
(He finally realizes Ho-dong sincerity)
(Soo-geun receives an abundance
of love from Ho-dong)
When he was on "Grandpas Over Flowers"...
he went to go buy uniforms
from soccer teams.
He said, "This is for
my son and this one is...
for my other son on our
drama, Sang-yeob".
This one is for my son on
our drama, Lee Sang-yeob.
This one is for my youngest
son, Park Sang-won.
- A son and daughter?
- No, both of them are my sons.
He bought both uniforms and gave
one to his son and gave one to me.
He's good about taking
care of his junior actors.
He did a drama with Dong-hae and
he's still very close to Dong-hae.
He even came to Super
Junior's concerts as well.
- He's so cool.
- He's really cool.
- He's always been great. - He dances
"Sorry, Sorry, Sorry" better than us.
- I think I went too far.
- Yes, I think so.
As you all know, Boa and
I acted in the drama...
"My Wife is Having an
Affair This Week".
Sung-gyun and I were taken aback
because of what Boa did on the drama.
- Why?
- Why do you think?
Why were we taken aback because of Boa?
She was still hungover
from the previous day?
- It has something to do with that.
- Just as we thought, it involved alcohol.
It's got something to do with that.
They're all seniors and older than Boa,
but when she was on her way home...
she gave out $100 allowances to them.
Here you go, use it for your taxi fare.
- She was drunk. - $100 for everyone.
- No way.
It happened while she was acting.
It naturally happened while we were acting.
I got it! Boa had to act
like she was drunk.
But she was really drunk.
I agree with that answer.
We were taken aback by what she
did while she acted drunk.
I'm acting. "All of you guys can
go to hell! Get out of my face!"
Cut!
"Why are you cutting the scene? Who
the hell are you to yell, 'Cut'?"
- "Who are you?"
- The scene is over.
"I'm not done yet, boy!"
- "Why are you cutting when I'm finally
into it?". - That's what she said.
All the managers had to come in.
Boa's manager said, "She's too drunk.
Try the scene when she's sober".
But they used the scene when she's drunk.
She tried acting like a fool
during her drunk scene.
She was too passionate about her acting.
What was her character's personality like?
She's a very smart and
uptight divorcee.
She's a divorcee?
- A divorcee?
- How did you ever play that character?
A divorcee!
I'm going to look over to him
every time you look at me.
You guys have let him off
too easily these days.
The character goes and gets drunk, but
comes out of the bar onto a grassy field.
I got it!
People were passing by and they
said, "Look, it's Boa" and...
she yelled back, "What
are you looking at?".
No, no.
You were taken aback because of something
I did that wasn't in the script, right?
She began hitting you guys and
ripping your hair from your head.
No, no. You're wrong.
Did she start eating the grass?
"Let's make green onion pancakes
and eat it since we're drunk".
- No, no.
- She started to lay down on the grass.
It wasn't in the script, but
she kept rolling in the grass.
- You're really close.
- Really?
Can't you just say that I got it right?
What did she do on the grass?
She began taking off her clothes.
- Not her clothes.
- Her shoes! She took off her shoes.
- Her shoes. She took off her socks too.
- You got it, Yeong-cheol.
She took off her socks too. I
believe her socks were the answer.
Anyone can guess her shoes.
It was her socks. Socks.
Wait a second. This is so upsetting.
I'm the one, who guessed she
rolled around the grass.
- You paved the way for him.
- I even guessed she took off her shoes.
You need to get the exact word correctly.
It can't be that hard!
You assisted the best in Korea.
- Let's move on. - I've always been
the one to put points on the board.
She was supposed to act drunk and we
were okay with her rolling in the grass.
We were okay with her taking
off her shoes as well.
Suddenly, she began taking off her socks.
- She drank too much.
- Hey, hey! What are you doing?
Hey, hey! What are you doing?
- There's people watching you.
- Get up!, you need to get up!
You scared me!
You really scared me.
- You're driving me crazy.
- Why are you taking off your socks?
- Put it back on.
- Put it in the laundry basket.
What the heck?
Were you making up the part
by taking your socks off?
I made it up on the spot. I had to show,
I was so drunk I thought I was at home.
I guess you can look back at your
acting by looking back at yourself.
- You came on our drama as a cameo.
- Wow.
How detailed was his acting and
did he study for his role?
He had to turn and look at me in the scene.
I was supposed to run full-force
at him and turn him around.
He had to do his look that he always
does when he looks at you. This one.
Something like this.
- I was looking right at him and...
- I can imagine it right now.
I was so surprised. I was only
supposed to say, "You surprised me".
But instead, I said, "Damn!
You surprised me!".
It came out naturally.
It wasn't like regular people
when he grabbed onto my shirt.
My shirt went up so high,
I was showing my belly.
It almost felt like he was
lifting me up from my belly.
Once I felt like that, I didn't know
I was yelling, "Save me! Save me!".
(He faces off with the man his
wife is having an affair with)
You scared me!
(Freaked out)
Who are you?
You wanna' fight me?
- You wanna' fight me?
- Save... Save me.
It was so fun.
- He wasn't nervous at all.
- He didn't make any mistakes?
He didn't make any mistakes, but
I was moved by what he did.
He did a great job, but he kept asking,
"Should we try again? Let's go again".
- Let's try that again.
- Why?
I don't like what I did.
I didn't have many lines.
Shouldn't I have more lines since
I began my career in dramas?
He's telling us a moving story.
Do you think he can keep acting?
I'm looking forward to Ma Dong-seok
and Ho-dong in a shot together.
You could be like Jang
Chen from "The Outlaws".
You can be on "The Outlaws II".
- He could be Jang Chen!
- Yeah, Dong Chen.
- You'd be the new gangster boss.
- Dong Chen.
Did you come here by yourself?
Are you Ma Dong-seok? Wanna' come
over and hang out over here?
Hang out here?
Hey, you! I'll be waiting for you here!
I'm waiting, right here.
Let's go, me and you! One-on-one.
He looks like he can play the part.
Good job, Sang-yeob!
(We'll look forward to Ma Dong-seok
and Kang Ho-dong's "The Outlaws 2")
(Are you still looking for your true love?)
(We'll find your true love today)
(Let's get married)
(Let's look for your one
and only love here)
- Seriously?
- What the heck? Why aren't there any guys?
How come guys are so rude?
Do you know what time it is?
- How come we're here first?
- I think our seats are here. - There?
- There's three seats here. Do you want
dried squid? - Yeah, it looks good.
I was Miss Squid of Ulsan.
Doesn't it look good on me?
I need to find my true love. Do you
think I'll find him? I hope so.
I heard this place was famous.
You guys are bringing down the quality
here. You guys are really ugly.
You're uglier. What's with
your country-bumpkin outfit?
What are you talking about? Why
do you think you're prettier?
Didn't you guys see "Hyo-ri's Home Stay"?
- Why? What's on the show?
- I'm IU's little sister.
- What's your name?
- Ahni U.
Yeah, right. Wait a second. Why are you
copying me, wearing black and white?
- I'm so upset.
- You're copying me, aren't you?
You're the one, who copied me.
This place must be losing
its touch as well.
There isn't another place
like this in the world.
- Is this where we're supposed to be?
- Yeah.
Isn't this the place we're
supposed to meet them?
- My goodness!
- Are you guys the ladies we're meeting?
- Those four are pretty good-looking.
- Is that Kevin?
What's with that giant?
What's he doing?
He smells a bit odd.
- Is this a horror movie?
- You're too much. - It's "Misery"!
(You leave me after
waking me up from sleep)
- You're too much.
- It's "Misery"!
My gosh!
How can you spray water at me
when you've never met me before!
I mistook you for a real flower.
- Don't water me, I might grow taller.
- Stop, you're getting the squid wet.
Is this where we're supposed to be seating?
You shouldn't fight when
it's a beautiful day.
It's such a cold day that even angels
in heaven might catch a cold. Ah-choo.
I came to meet a woman, who will
warm my heart like citron tea.
- Did he get that hat transplanted on
his head? - Where? Where could you be?
- Where are you? - That's the worst
line I've ever heard. You're the worst!
How can this part of your
face be bigger than your hat?
- You're so witty. - How come his chin
is up there instead of down here?
- That was witty.
- Do you want me to come up...
with more reasons to
make you disappear?
- What the heck? - I thought we're here for
match-making? Why aren't we starting?
I'm glad you're here, welcome.
- Let's get married!
- The emcee is here.
There's the emcee.
I truly welcome everyone
to the world's greatest...
match-making company,
Let's get married.
Welcome to our special
couple-making project...
where good-looking men and
women find each other.
I sincerely welcome you.
You're really beautiful.
Thank you very much.
I'm looking forward to this.
Stop staring.
He's just trying to break the ice.
Ladies and gentlemen, we have a
success rate of 99% at our company.
Jang Dong-gun and Ko
So-young also met here.
- They met here?
- I can't believe it.
Awhile back, Song Joong-ki and Song
Hae-gyo were married here as well.
- They met here?
- Yes, they all did.
Everyone famous met here.
- That's great!
- I'm glad I came today.
- Our success rate is 99%. You can
see we're almost perfect. - Yes!
- Excuse me! You have a 99% success rate?
- Yes.
Who was that 1%?
We had a very tall person by
the name of Seo something.
Unfortunately, that dishonorable act was
one of our company's biggest downfall.
We can't seem to get over that.
We thought he would've been perfect.
When are you going to start matching us up?
Our company's best-looking
singles are gathered together...
for the first... Never mind.
You hurt my pride but your
reaction was too funny.
It might be burdensome to use our real
names, so let's write down our nicknames.
- It is burdensome. - We all have
different careers and personalities.
Write down your nicknames and
place the sticker on your chest.
Could you please write your
nickname on the sticker?
He's the only one, who keeps
trying to use method acting.
- Write your nick names down.
- You must be nervous.
Is this your first-time?
I heard this place was famous,
I'm so glad I came today.
Please write down a nickname
that you'd like to be called.
You get extra brownie points
for sticking it on your skin.
I'm all done.
- May I take this pen?
- Yes, you may.
- What character is he playing?
- He's distracting me.
He's way into his character right now.
Will you start announcing your nicknames?
My name is easy it's Won Shin. It
means I've always been a poet.
You've always been a poet! I heard
you recently eat books now.
- You're so funny. - He's very strong
and he has a lot of best-sellers.
I have something to tell everyone.
I've...
actually...
been married before.
- He had a divorce.
- My goodness!
You said there were only 2 people
here that have been married before.
I was married to my poems.
I almost misunderstood you, Won Shin.
I finally want to get
married to my love and...
write poems about my loving family.
- I see.
- I thought you were really married before.
When you get married, will your
child have the word 'Si' in it?
You might name your child
with the word 'Si'.
It could be Kang Si something.
Let's not make family jokes.
- I have a question for the poet.
- Please, ask away.
Can you say an acrostic
poem with "Number One'?
- He is a poet.
- Yes, it's possible for a poet.
Do you think it's possible?
- An acrostic poem.
- Go ahead!
Num!
With a loving heart.
- We said it starts with 'Num'.
- Num!
Will it be okay for me covet you?
Ber!
The bus has already left?
- Won!
- My gosh! Taxi!
Taxi!
That was very moving! It was so moving!
Did you really call a taxi? Taxi?
- Your nickname? - I'll introduce myself.
- Your nickname is Woo Sang?
- What does Woo Sang mean?
- It means 'Our Sang-min".
Hello, Boa.
- I have something to give you.
- What is it?
- There's nothing in this bag, Boa.
- No, there isn't.
- Will you put your hand in there?
Nothing is in there. - No, there isn't.
Here.
(Ta-da)
(I got this ready for you)
A flower appeared.
- He's so cool and it's only the beginning.
- Seriously?
There isn't anything I can't do.
Can you please calm down?
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
- Boa!
- Yes?
You should check to see if you still have
your wallet. He's a famous pickpocket.
- He gets close by using magic.
- He even has a song.
"I Stole Four, Three-Four".
- Could you answer the questions quickly?
- Sure.
I'd like to introduce myself now.
- Your nick name is Rose?
- Yes, it's Rose. A man who loves flowers.
My Korean friends usually
call me Jangmi (rose).
I'm a florist and I recently
returned from studying abroad.
Jangmi. My name is Rose.
Wait a second. Are you sure you
spelled your name correctly?
I think an 'L' should replace that 'R'.
- Why?
- Didn't he lose something?
- He's a genius!
- He knows how to speak English.
- You really are a genius!
- No, it was nothing.
- My real name is Rose.
- Yes, it's a very nice name.
Then...
- I have a question for you. - Okay.
He really is pretty.
Can you tell me three things you can
do for me if we were to get married?
Ready, go!
A house.
A building.
Lastly, divorce?
Breaking up?
- He can give you everything.
- I got it! Alimony!
She's mean. She can be spiteful, can't she?
Her emotions have dried up.
Any which way, who are you?
- Next person, please.
- He's making me uncomfortable.
Can you introduce yourself,
your nickname is Da Joong-yi?
- I'm sorry. - I'm not sure how many
episodes of our show he watched.
Your acting is the most noticeable today!
I'm not sure which character he's playing.
Hello, everyone. I'm...
I studied at Solomon Law School
and just passed my bar exam.
- My name is Da Joong-yi and I'm a lawyer.
- He's a lawyer.
How can you be a lawyer
when you stutter so much?
I actually am curious about something.
I'm actually a funny person, but everyone
here keeps saying that I'm not funny.
Is it possible to sue them for slander?
You can sue for that?
You know you're not funny. Stop lying!
It's all a lie!
I told you not to lie to me!
- May I drink some water?
- That's not water!
- It's not water.
- That could've been disastrous!
Isn't he a total mess?
He's just plain crazy!
- Wait a second.
- I'm sorry.
- I'm getting scared of him.
- Don't go, please!
- Why are you being mean to me? - I don't
like you! It's because I don't like you.
I need water. This isn't water!
- I'm in total shock!
- Wait, move. Get out of the way.
He's crazy.
- He's calm, thank you. - Thank you.
- I think he's a real psychopath.
- Ask me anything you're curious about.
- He suddenly changed.
- That's why his name is Da Joong-yi
(multiple personalities). - He keeps acting.
Next is Kyung Pal-yi.
Let me introduce myself. I'm a
choreographer and my name is Kyung Pal-yi.
He's an amazing person.
I'm a world-famous dance choreographer.
- Boa's "Number One" was...
- Yes, I choreographed that as well.
- Sunmi's song. - Yes, I choreographed
Sunmi's gun dance. I made all of that.
- You can make guns?
- Yes, I'm great at making M16s.
- He's a pro at making M16s.
- That's right.
I don't usually dance in front of others.
I don't usually dance with
people on the ground.
I usually communicate with aliens. I
communicate with them with my dances.
He received an award last
year, it's called Zero Award.
- That's right!
- Zero Award!
- I'll show you that dance.
- Who received the award with you?
- Didn't Kirang Karang get
the award with you? - Yes.
I was co-winners with Karang Karang.
The name is confusing.
Now, cue the music!
You're good these days. You do
things without being asked.
It's an alien dance.
(Zero Award, Zero Award. Karang, Karang!)
It's perfect.
I can't go any further.
I can't show any more of the dance. NASA
would like to keep it under cover.
Unfortunately, it seems like you
learned your moves from someone.
That was great. Let's move onto the single
women since I know you are all curious.
Let's start with the nickname Ahni U.
Ahni U.
They're all so ugly here.
My name is Ahni U, IU's older sister.
- That's right.
- They look alike.
- My job is...
- You have a job?
- Unemployed.
- My gosh, you're so annoying.
I work at a chocolate factory.
Yes, it's called Ahni U Chocolate Factory.
I was recently promoted
to factory manager.
That's amazing when
you're so young.
If you pick me today, I'll melt
all your hearts like chocolate.
My... my goodness! Hey!
Kim Hee-chul!
- It's too much.
- He's already feeling my effect.
Will you go next, LM?
I think it's my turn. Hello, everyone.
My nickname is LM and I
was chosen as Miss Ulsan.
What does LM stand for? Does
it mean, 'Lousy Mongrel'?
It's abbreviation for
Limited Edition.
There isn't anyone the
world that looks like me.
Why is it 'M'? Shouldn't it be 'E'?
(You're... you're right)
- It's okay, it's not important.
- No, it's not important.
Isn't it important for a person
who published an English book?
Could you stop sending squid to my house?
- Does it smell a lot?
- Yes.
- Next, we have Director Lee.
- It's your turn.
My nickname is Director Lee. As you
all know, I'm the star of Asia, Boa.
- Asia's star.
- Yes, Asia's star.
You guys are in luck. You
have a chance to meet a...
woman with beauty, personality
and a great body.
- She's a great actress.
- Boa!
What?
- You have a great personality?
- Don't I?
- A great body? It's not as great as mine.
- You don't even have a chest!
- Ahni U, do you need tissues?
- Ahni U?
There's nothing I can help you with.
- Contact me if you have any problem.
- I have a problem. My pride is hurt!
She's ruining my self-esteem!
Seriously! I can't believe this.
- Do you have anything else to
say, Director Lee? - Yes, I do.
I'd like nothing else but
to dance with my husband...
since I lived my entire
life as a dancing singer.
I'd like to meet a man, who I can spend
the rest of my life dancing with.
- If you're talking about dance, Kyung
Pal-yi might be the one. - I think so, too.
I do feel like you two
might be a good match.
That's why, I decided to show you the
dance I wanted to dance with you guys.
I came here with my top choreographer
to show you the dance.
- Will you come in?
- She brought a choreographer?
(Ta-da)
- My gosh!
- He sure does a lot of things, doesn't he?
You're still here?
My name is Dance Jang and I'm
Boa's top choreographer.
It's nice to meet you. I hope you all can
dance with Boa after I show you the dance.
- Let's go.
- You'll be surprised.
Music!
- He's so cheesy.
- Wait a second...
Wait! This song?
(Boa's wrote and released
"Only One" in 2012)
(She dances with a male
dancer and it brought...
on headlines because of
the dance's difficulty)
(She's going to dance to this
song with her top choreographer?)
(Rushes in)
He must've learned it.
(It's similar, up to now)
(They can't believe their eyes)
(He's good?)
He's doing well. He's good.
(Cheesy)
He really must be a top choreographer.
(His techniques are matched
with Asia's Star, Boa)
(Shaking it)
(Crashes)
(The set's tiles are moved
around from his 200-pound body)
What's wrong with him?
(Falls down)
(Flapping around)
He used to be such a great student too.
Can you give them a round of applause?
He's better than we thought.
He trained so hard for two weeks
that his knees were bruised.
(News anchor Jang Sung-kyu sent his
own video in because he was so moved)
- This is why I'm a top choreographer.
- My goodness.
That's amazing.
Who will try first?
- May I try first?
- Yes, Ahni U.
- That was hard.
- What the heck? Move.
- Come on out, Rose.
- Me?
You're going to play my part?
- Of course.
- My gosh, this is totally unbelievable.
Why are you wearing a sumo outfit, Rose?
- Let's try this.
- It's because I'm a florist.
(It's time for Rose and
Ahni U's couple dance)
- That's good.
- They're doing it right.
(Full of heart)
What are they supposed to be? Angels?
He's trying hard, isn't he?
He's even laying down.
(Laughing)
This is so humiliating!
I'm so humiliated!
(Bewitching)
- Hang onto him.
- I'm so humiliated.
Didn't I say I'd melt your
heart if you picked me?
I've melted too much.
- Thank you.
- Good job.
Do you have anything else to show us?
No, I should leave now.
I hope you finally meet your
match made in heaven, Boa.
- Thank you very much.
- Thank you!
- Bye!
- Bye, Sang-kyu!
I believe everyone had the
opportunity to introduce themselves.
There's something we need
to do after introductions.
First impression? First thoughts?
Let's take a moment to verify
who everyone is interested in.
Write down the person you're interested
and fold the paper in half, please.
We have a 14K gold couple ring if you
become a couple with someone today.
I'm telling you, we're going to
make sure to give that away today.
(Who is everyone interested in
based on first impression?)
I wonder where the poet's
arrow will point to.
- I'm looking forward to this.
- My goodness.
- I hope we don't overlap with one another.
- I'm not sure if this is right.
As of right now...
his arrow is pointing toward LM.
(Puzzled)
I remember we were married
in our previous lives.
Now, I wonder who LM has chosen
based on first impressions.
- I can't believe this.
- Could it be?
She's chosen him as well.
(Kicks)
It doesn't mean you're a couple.
This is just first impressions.
Your hair fell off.
Pick you hair, please. Next is Sang-yeob.
Let's see who the lawyer picked.
Mr. Lee has chosen Hee-mi.
Hee-mi?
- That's great.
- Now, let's see who Hee-mi chose.
- This is where her arrow is pointing.
- Who is it? - Rose! Rose!
Can you show us where his arrow is?
Who did Jang-hoon choose?
- I can't believe she chose me.
- I think he's being sincere.
I think he's sincere about his choice.
Seo Jang-hoon chose...
Hee-mi!
We have two potential
couples from the beginning.
- You're so popular!
- I think I might finally get married!
- I think so!
- Remember, it's only first impressions.
Let's not fail this time around.
I think it's time we see
who Kyung-pal chose.
Wait a second.
You're going to go fix your make-up?
- She's going somewhere.
- Women need to keep their secrets.
Yes, I'm sorry.
Ahni U joined us for a little bit, but
she actually needs to be somewhere now.
How can she just leave when
she was matched up with me?
My boyfriend is Hyun Joo-yeob
and he's coming to pick me up.
(Where did Ahni U go after
getting away from Rose?)
(Ahni U went to the Golden Disk
Award show to receive her award)
It's amazing who Kyung-hoon chose.
I think Kyung-hoon is
showing his true colors.
- He chose Director Lee.
- He's 100% sincere on his choice.
- Yes, he's sincere. - I've known
him for a long time, so I know.
I'm in trouble.
Sang-min's heart is headed
over to her as well.
He chose Boa as well.
- I'm up against stiff competition. - He
still has passion. His passion is alive.
Last but not least, let's
see who Director Lee chose.
- This is exciting.
- Her feelings are headed to!
Can you play special effect music?
(He draws her arrow with
live back ground music)
I don't think it'll end there.
(It's quite suspenseful)
It must be one of us!
It's either you or me.
It's Kyung Pal-yi!
(Mixed feelings of joy and sorrow)
Look at how many couples we
already have from the beginning?
We already have three couples!
This is amazing.
But, you know what?
He had to say farewell to his
partner as soon as they met.
He's the symbol of farewells.
Look at his expression.
This is such a coincidence. How
could such a thing happen?
That's quite amazing.
Swag!
We still have two single women here.
Remember, it was just our first impression.
- We'll now start to finally get to
know one another. - This sounds fun.
I'm sure all of you guys
are curious as to know...
what the other singles think about you.
That's why, we've prepared
a special game to...
see what the other singles think
about you based on your image.
We've prepared a game called,
Let's find out about your image.
We'll start off slowly since
we're all entertainers here.
Choose a person you think has kissed
another person within the last week.
A person you think that has
kissed another person.
One, two, three!
It looks like Kyung Pal-yi has two votes.
- I chose Da Joong-yi.
- Director Lee has 2 votes. - I chose Rose.
- Rose? - Why did you choose Rose?
Please put your hands down.
Well... I chose him because I think
he has a very free lifestyle.
- Free?
- You guessed correctly. You get a prize.
- He's free.
- Yes, he lives a very free lifestyle.
I'm sure it didn't stop at just kissing.
How come you chose LM, Da Joong-yi?
She seems like the person to have
a lot of men hang around her.
Do you really think that?
Even guys wouldn't kiss me.
What's with your voice, suddenly?
- I'm sorry.
- You totally surprised me.
I forgot, I'm a woman.
Don't lie to me!
Why is he acting like that?
Is he crazy?
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Hey! Come here. Hurry it up.
Come in here.
You're really crazy, aren't you?
- What's wrong with you?
- I'm sorry.
What's wrong with you? Be quiet!
- I didn't know you had a truth room here.
- I told you to calm down!
- Did you take care of it?
- I think he finally calmed down.
Hello. Hello, everyone.
That room works miracles.
I'll ask the next question. This
question is quite revealing.
Think carefully.
Who do you think is the type of person
to fall for a person in one-day and...
spend the first night with them as well?
The first day. Yes, the
first they meet someone.
- I think someone is going to get
all the votes. - One, two, three!
- This is perfect.
- They got all the votes.
- Do you get to vote as well?
- No, I'm just pointing at you.
Who did you choose?
- I chose Rose.
- Why did you choose Rose?
I saw Rose that night.
I saw him walking into room
1205 with an unfamiliar lady...
at a hotel, I can't disclose.
- Why were you there?
- It means you were at the same hotel!
That was my first day with someone as well.
The important thing is
that I saw you there!
Can you tell us who she looked like?
- I'll bring you down with me.
- You two are unbelievable.
- I chose the person behind him.
- Rose? You chose Rose?
- It's confusing.
- This is unexpected.
You seem like you know something.
- Why do you keep picking me? - You must've
seen what he was like at the party.
I feel like he's surrounded by women.
I also think he likes young women.
- Look at how he's reacting. - You got
the second question right as well!
That's two in a row.
I didn't know there were right answers.
You're perfect.
I believe this is one of the most
important questions a person can ask...
when they meet someone and
think about marriage.
This image is very important.
Please choose a person you think
would have extra marital affairs.
The most unfaithful person.
This is solely based on intuition. A
guy you think might be unfaithful.
It could be a woman as well.
One, two, three!
(Ho-dong: 3 votes; Jang-hoon:
2 votes; Kyung-hoon: 1 vote)
What's this?
- LM?
- I chose Min Kyung-hoon.
Min Kyung-hoon!
- Rose.
- She chose Rose again.
Who did you choose Woo Sang?
Woo Sang chose Won Shin.
Kyung Pal-yi chose Won Shin as well.
Rose chose Won Shin.
In my opinion, I'm sure it's him.
- Are you sure?
- Yes, I'm sure.
He looks like he's unfaithful because...
he's the best-looking in this crowd.
Angel face.
Anyone can see it's true.
Can you look at the camera?
- My, he's good-looking.
- He might be a good wrestler.
He's perfect.
I believe women will take one
look and melt over his face.
That's the reason I chose Won Shin
as someone who'd have an affair.
It looks like Director Lee
chose Rose once again.
Everyone voted for Won Shin,
but you chose Rose again.
May I ask, why?
I feel like he's the type to
change his feelings for a woman...
when he sees a prettier woman.
- You must be a genius at quizzes.
- Three times in a row?
How come she keeps getting
all the answers right?
It's like...
she's piercing me through my heart.
How does she know me so well?
She sees your image as trash.
He's a pro at changing his feelings. That's
why his nickname is 'Transforming Robot'.
(Finished transforming)
I felt a bit guilty.
I believe everyone has an idea on who
they chose as their partner today.
That's why, this will be our last game.
There's no better game than this
to get close to one another.
- What is it? - It's a hot trend to
play this game. It's 'King's Game'.
(King's Game)
Yes, let's play King's Game.
Please pick a number. Where should I start?
- How about the guys pick? - Here we
go. You could peek at the numbers.
- It's okay, just as long you don't see,
Soo-geun. - No, I won't. - That's right.
(The women pick their numbers as well)
- Did you all see your numbers?
- Yes.
Let's go. We should always start
the game off with number one.
Number one will...
Let's make it simple. Number one will
pick up number three and do five squats.
- A simple exercise.
- Isn't five times too much?
- No, it's not. Why are you acting like
you're number one? - Wow, I'm not!
There's a twist of events.
Number 1 will squat 5 times
while carrying number 3.
Number 3 will squat 5 times
while carrying number 5.
Come on out, number 1. Who is number 1?
- Number 1?
- Maybe no one chose number 1.
What number is this?
- That's number 1!
- Come on out, number 1.
Who is number 3?
- Number 3?
- I think this is going to be beautiful.
(Sang-yeob is number 3)
I'll let you squat three times.
- Lift this leg up.
- This one?
- Yeah, it's easier to lift you
with this leg. - Alright, let's go.
One.
- He's strong.
- Two.
- Three.
- Three!
Won Shin is very strong!
Now, number 3 will squat
while carrying number 5.
Number 3 will do squats carrying number 5.
Who is number 5?
(Number 5 is Jang-hoon)
You have to squat 3 times!
Aren't I great at choosing numbers?
You need to do 3 squats, no matter what.
- It would've been bad if I kept 5 squats.
- I might die.
- Be careful.
- You're going to get hurt, Jang-hoon.
- Da Joong-yi must be strong.
- Try to carry him.
(He's carrying him)
(The person being carried
is about to die as well)
I can't do this! I can't do it!
- He's really heavy!
- Take a seat again.
- Let's pick again. We'll let the ladies
pick first. - We have to do this again.
(Peeks)
This time...
you'll stand in front of
one another and dance.
The person, who laughs first loses.
The winner gets to splash a
bucket of water on the loser.
This will be the worst punishment.
- Is there a number you'd like me to choose?
- Five!
Five? No, number six and number seven!
Come on out, it's our first game.
Come out, number 6 and 7.
He's driving me crazy.
(Ho-dong is number 6 and
Jang-hoon is number 7)
(He's like a permanent guest
on the 'King's Game')
(Somehow this scene is familiar)
- Are you number 5?
- Are you number 7?
Number 5!
(Whenever they play the 'King's Game'...)
Number 3 and number 8!
(Soo-geun somehow always finds him)
I really don't know the
what number everyone has.
(Controller of all 'King's Game')
I didn't see. How could I see your numbers?
- Seriously?
- How can I see?
- No way. - Look at each and what?
(They're starting to warm-up)
There's no way Jang-hoon can win this.
- Get ready.
- Okay.
One, two, three, four!
(He bursts out laughing in 2 seconds)
No way! You can't do that!
That's totally unfair! This doesn't count!
(He wins by suppressing his laugh)
- He totally burst out laughing.
- I wanted to win.
You're pulling out all the trick to win.
- Geez!
- We can't do anything about it.
You laughed too loud. There's
no way for us to help you.
- Do you think it's better if
he squats down? - It's okay.
Use the bucket to...
(His wig falls off)
- I can't believe his wig fell off.
- That was our first round.
Here you go, your wig.
Let's pick numbers again.
Let's go again.
- Pick one.
- You can't watch us picking numbers.
- He saw.
- No, I didn't. Why are you so suspicious?
- You peeked!
- Yeah, I think he saw too!
How could I see? Are you
nervous that I'll choose you?
I've always been picked.
Number 5!
(How come sad premonitions
are never wrong?)
You're number five. Let's
find out who number seven is.
Come one out, number seven.
(Number 7 is Boa)
Okay, okay.
You'll lose if you laugh.
Get ready!
- Be sad. You're about to cry.
- Start the music!
Let's go!
Start the music! Let's go!
(He's loaded his face with ugliness)
You have to look at one another.
Look at each other.
(He raises the ugliness to 30%)
They're toe-to-toe.
You need to funny!
- You can't look away from one another!
- Look at each other.
(He raises the ugliness to 50%)
- What the heck?
- Good job!
(He raises the ugliness level to 75%)
She laughed, she almost laughed.
Do it, Boa!
(He's starting to recharge his
ugliness for the final win)
If you want to support someone, go dance
behind the person you want to win.
If you want to support Director
Lee, go dance behind her!
( Before he can release 100% of his
ugliness, he bursts out laughing)
(The final boss appears)
Is that the end?
- Her supporter wins the match!
- You can't win him.
He went to go help her.
(Boa wins with LM's help)
That means, Boa can splash water on him.
He didn't do anything. I couldn't
help but laugh at his face.
Isn't my presence great?
I saw him coming toward me and
his nostrils were flaring.
You know the face he has when he
wants to show you something funny?
What's funny is when you splash water on
him and hit his nose with the bucket.
You'll cut my lips.
- You'll cut me open.
- Let's see his nose fly away.
- No, I'll get cut. - We can't air it if
he bleeds a lot, so just a little bit.
- Just a little bit.
- Do you think you'll need more water?
That was a perfect hit.
You must've done this before.
(Soaking)
- My gosh.
- Clean yourself off.
This is the reason you put
an apron on me today.
Let's get married!
Our couple match-making games for our
company have all come to an end.
We only have our final decision left.
I wonder which who our
next couples will be...
from 'Let's get married' company and
I'm looking forward to the outcome.
Aren't you our lead character today?
Da Joong-yi! Let's see who Da
Joong-yi's final choice is.
His final choice was Director Lee.
Sorry, Yeong-mi!
(He begins acting by himself
and starts laughing)
The next person is Won Shin.
This is Won Shin's choice.
Just as I thought, Won Shin. Once he
chooses someone he never changes his mind.
He's showing us that he's
only human by choosing Boa.
How could you?
- Did you change your mind after
the first impressions? - Yes.
Next is Rose. He heard that people
thought of him as a womanizer.
Just as I thought. Once a
cheater, always a cheater.
What the heck?
- Next!
- I still have 2 votes.
- This is Woo Sang's choice.
- Woo Sang isn't my style.
- This is as if...
- How could you guys?
- She's being attacked by all the guys.
- Don't give up, LM!
- Really?
- The next person is Min Kyung-hoon.
You're my last chance.
I can't see clearly.
He lightly wrote Boa on the bottom.
What the heck?
These are our results.
- Let's see who Yeong-mi chose.
- Do we have to, when no one chose her?
We're still considerate
of everyone's feelings.
- Don't my feelings matter?
- It's nice to keep secrets too.
Yeong-mi has lost her way
and chose Boa as well.
(Breaking news: Miss Squid, Kim
Yeong-mi was dressing up as a female)
I thought something was up with you.
Let's look at the results!
Who will be the lucky guy that
steals Director Lee's heart?
Please start disqualifying the
guys you don't like first.
(Sighing)
I always have great first impressions
(Ho-dong is disqualified)
(Yeong-mi is disqualified)
(Sang-yeob is disqualified)
(Sang-min is disqualified)
I thought he'd last until the end.
- Let's see who Boa chooses.
- Anyone can see Kyung-hoon will win.
- Jang-hoon might win.
- No one knows what will happen.
I think Jang-hoon is hoping to win.
Get ready!
- Please make your final decision! - Ask
if Director Lee is sincere in her choice.
Please make your final decision!
Ask
if Director Lee is sincere in her choice.
She's sincere.
- She's sincere.
- No way!
(Boa chooses Jang-hoon)
You scared me!
Wouldn't it have been better to lose in the
first round, if this was going to happen?
(Zero Award, Kerang, Kerang, Zero Award)
How can this be true?
(Final couple: Boa and Jang-hoon)
Seriously? I'm seriously going to go crazy!
- This is Boa's new song!
- You're driving me insane.
(The first-time showing her new song)
(Boa is Asia's start forever)
(Next: Previews of transfer students,
Lee Da-hee and Han Hyun-min)
(A model the world focuses
on: Han Hyun-min)
The Olympic torch is approaching us.
I'm a real high-school student.
Ho-dong is like large pottery
crocks at my grandma's house.
You could walk the runways
if you're that funny.
(Meal service dance!)
I grow taller with my hair. I'm 6'3" now.
(Innocent Hyun-min put a trance
on the 'Ask Us Anything' members)
I can sing and dance. There
isn't anything I can't do.
You can dance?
(Refreshing)
(Lovely Da-hee's "Likey" performance)
(I fell in love)
- Stop laughing.
- No one was laughing!
- Good job!
- Is there anyone you're interested here?
Seo Jang-hoon!
- Really?
- Me?
(I'm your bodyguard. And Da-hee!)
Come after you wear 7" heels.
(A romance only a giant can dream)
(Will Jang-hoon and Da-hee be
able to become love bodyguards?)
- Isn't this the broadcasting room?
- Yeah, it is.
When did you feel like
you were the happiest?
The moment I met you.
- I was there...
- You're being tapped!
After sharply walking, the students
began shouting in unison, "Eba Seba".
May I take a Polaroid of you?
(There isn't a day when the
broadcasting room is quiet)
Look over here, please!
("Ask Us Anything". Every
Saturday night at 8:50)
Subtitles by OnDemandKorea